add duplicatemarkers linter (#61)
kubernetes-sigs/kube-api-linter: README.md

When the `json` tag is present, and matches the first word of the field comment in all but casing, the linter will suggest that the comment be updated to match the `json` tag.

## DuplicateMarkers

> The `duplicatemarkers` linter checks for duplicate markers related with specific type or field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `duplicatemarkers` linter checks for duplicate markers related with a specific type or field.
```

> The `duplicatemarkers` linter checks for duplicate markers related with specific type or field.

Reviewer: Does it check if the marker exists on both a type and field? E.g. if we had maxlength on both the field and the type, that would be problematic

This linter diagnose _only_ if the marker and value together are completely unique. e.g. the `duplicatemarkers` will not diagnose the field has kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=10 and kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=11

> About the duplicated markers which has different value, it requires specific rule for each marker, these are processed by its corresponding linter.

Author: It's easy to understand! Accepted.

> 

Reviewer: I thought we agreed we would add something into this linter, but at a later date? Perhaps we don't want to add this bit of documentation for now?

When the `json` tag is present, and matches the first word of the field comment in all but casing, the linter will suggest that the comment be updated to match the `json` tag.

## DuplicateMarkers

> The `duplicatemarkers` linter checks that all markers in the API types which have duplicated markers related with field and type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `duplicatemarkers` linter checks for identical, duplicate markers across the API.
The linter will highlight where a field and its associated type duplicate each other (e.g. where they both might set a maximum length) with markers, but _only_ where the marker values are identical.

Where markers are duplicated with different values, specific understanding of the markers is required, and this is handled by dedicated linters familiar with the specific marker.
```

Thinking more about the specific duplicates, I wonder if we want a list where we can add specific markers we know cannot be duplicated with different values. I feel like an opt-in list is preferable to opt-out.

So we could say, if the expressions map has length 1, and the expressions key is `""`, and the marker identifier is in a known list (thinking things like `MinLength`, `MaxLength`, `MinItems`, `MaxItems`, `Enum`) then we could warn when it's duplicated with a different value.

We wouldn't be able however, to suggest removing the markers in this case 🤔

Author: I'll tackle it after the specification is locked. :thu

### Fixes

> The `duplicatemarkers` linter can automatically fix markers that have duplicated markers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `duplicatemarkers` linter can automatically fix markers that are duplicated.
```

> When the marker is duplicated, the linter will suggest that the marker is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the marker is duplicated, the linter will suggest to remove the duplicate marker.
```

Author: Fixed.

When the `json` tag is present, and matches the first word of the field comment in all but casing, the linter will suggest that the comment be updated to match the `json` tag.

## DuplicateMarkers

The duplicatemarkers linter checks for exact duplicates of markers for types and fields.
This means that something like:

// +kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=10
// +kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=10 
Will be flagged by this linter, while something like:

// +kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=10
// +kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=11
will not.

> 

Reviewer 2: Include a `### Fixes` section for so we document what suggested fixes occur as part of this linter

When the `json` tag is present, and matches the first word of the field comment in all but casing, the linter will suggest that the comment be updated to match the `json` tag.

## DuplicateMarkers

The duplicatemarkers linter checks for exact duplicates of markers for types and fields.
This means that something like:

// +kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=10
// +kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=10 
Will be flagged by this linter, while something like:

// +kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=10
// +kubebuilder:validation:MaxLength=11
will not.

### Fixes

The `duplicatemarkers` linter can automatically fix all markers that are exact match to another markers.

> If there are duplicates across types and fields, field markers are removed in priority to type markers.

Reviewer: I'd like this one to be a touch more specific if that's ok
```suggestion
If there are duplicates across fields and their underlying type, the marker on the type will be preferred and the marker on the field will be removed.
```
